So people come guests
the galaxy s 4 and I know I already have
on you have used on it for
the whole information has 16 gb
did not change the German with the
motto short unboxing since I go right
must there is the phone so a great
part and there prevails a top
smartphone is with us
user manual short instructions and
secondly word paper comes then
power plug from samsung the charging cable
the headphones will not use you
have beats
maybe she's always wrong if she's good
are
after that I still pending and that was it
Actually, I already drove
again made with the aluminum
backcover that it has a lot and now
I already like my original
therefore removed my made to gm and
that looks like that is right
to build
do it a bit further
the link for the backcover is in the
video to the backcover by using it
show off and yes a great smartphone
maybe my label use